Issue #838: Clarify use of PureComponent and memo in changelog (#842)
mobxjs/mobx-react: CHANGELOG.md

**Improvements**

-   Hook based components are now supported by mobx-react (in fact, the package is now implemented using hooks)

> -   Class based `observer` components are now _recommended_ to extend `React.PureComponent`. Functional `observer` components are now automatically wrapped in `React.memo` internally. See section in [README](https://github.com/mobxjs/mobx-react/blob/master/README.md#observercomponentclass) for more details.

Author: Links to the README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Class based `observer` components are now _recommended_ to extend `React.PureComponent`. Functional `observer` components are now automatically wrapped in `React.memo` internally. See section in [README](https://mobx.js.org/README.html#observercomponentclass) for more details.
```
